Between the firstborn elves and the lastborn humans are the multitude of demiraces that inhabit Milterra. Some of them, such as the Dwarves, have found success in establishing a nation. Others, like the halflings, were deemed friendly enough that they were generally accepted so long as they stayed in the outskirts of town. However, for most of the demihumans, their forms were considered hideous or their temperament too dangerous, and as such were hunted and left to fend for themselves. Among these outcasts are the halfbreeds of the various races, the tieflings, half-orcs, dragonborns, and half-elves.

One errant half-elf, exiled from [Vel Thur](Dungeons%20and%20Dragons/5.%20Locations/Vel%20Thur/Vel%20Thur.md) and gifted in leadership and diplomacy, managed the impossible feat of uniting these disparate races to form the kingdom of Trisselon. It’s often a mystery to outsiders how the country functions given the wildly different needs of each race, but the fact is that Trisselon has been stable for hundreds of years now, long after the reign of the original half-elf that founded it.

The country is governed by a monarchy with the royal family descended from the original half-elf. Most of the nobility are heads of their representative races, though some races like the halflings have multiple tribes that each have their own nobility. Trisselon is divided into strictly enforced regions, each populated by a particular race with their own cultures and religion. Citizenship is separate per region, but being a citizen in one region allows you to be considered a citizen of Trisselon itself. Though tensions were looming in the founding eras, nowadays there’s respect and amicability between races that is rooted in a sense of nationalism.

There is no single major export in Trisselon, but their farmlands are bountiful and their mercenaries are effective. They currently have a maritime trade agreement with [Slyphon](Dungeons%20and%20Dragons/5.%20Locations/Slyphon/Slyphon.md), allowing for the trading of goods across the continent. Recently, a guild of glassmakers in Trisselon is gaining influence and wealth owing to their extraordinary skill in stained-glass windows.