The Kingdom of Agnor was founded fifty years ago in the peace accords of the [Milin War](content/6.%20Lore/Library%20Books/Milin%20Prime%20Grand%20Library/Milin%20War.md). This continent-wide conflict was ended by a faction of powerful Milterran magicians horrified at the atrocities committed during the latter stages of the war, when the four major kingdoms were at their most desperate. Fresh off a major military victory that ended the last shred of resistance in [Slyphon](Dungeons%20and%20Dragons/5.%20Locations/Slyphon/Slyphon.md), the magicians pressured the rest of the kingdoms to agree with founding the Federation of Milterra, ostensibly to control and curate the use of Milterran magic. The Milterra Institute of Magic was established to this end, a school of magic where the most talented of mages all over the continent come to learn and train their skills.

The capital city of [Noria](Dungeons%20and%20Dragons/5.%20Locations/Agnor/Noria.md) hosts the prime campus of the [Milterra Institute of Magic](Milterra%20Institute%20of%20Magic). Or perhaps it is more accurate to say that the city was built _around_ the Institute, roads snaking out from the gates of the university towards the national roadways connected to neighboring kingdoms. This is unsurprising given that the four major kingdoms are required by the accords to send their mages to train for a few years in the Institute. From these roads connect inns, libraries, marketplaces, churches, and all the other necessities of a rapidly growing city.

The government of Agnor is a council of four monarchs called the Four Pillars of Milterra. The royal families were chosen for their magical prowess and their contributions to the war effort. Currently, the rulers are [Vas Scylla the Elf](Vas%20Scylla%20the%20Elf), [Arthur the Human](Arthur%20the%20Human), [Xenos the Halfling](Xenos%20the%20Halfling), and [Garett the Dwarf](Garett%20the%20Dwarf). Each monarch rules over one of the four regions of Agnor: [Pyra](Pyra), [Aurelion](Aurelion), [Eir](Eir), and [Agua](Agua). Meritocracy was the basis of Agnor’s ruling class, and a curious heritage of this is a clause in Agnorian law that allows the royal family to be challenged for the throne by anyone who meets the requirements.

There is no national religion of Agnor, but many people worship [Metria](Metria), the goddess of creation and balance. However, different races and cultures worship different gods in the country. Towns may worship one god heavily due to the influx of immigrants practicing that particular religion. Intriguingly, there’s even evidence of religions combining and exchanging rituals, especially in Noria where the bustle of a large city leaves little time for worship.

Agnor was founded upon the ideas of racial equality. The various races petitioned heavily for this following the rampant use of the minor races as slaves, experimental subjects, and forced conscription in the third Milin War. Though the war was fifty years ago, many still remember the horror of looking at the many-limbed soldiers of [Mezin](Mezin), abominations made by grafting a score of arms and legs from various races to experimental soldiers. As such, slavery is illegal in Agnor and is punishable by death. All intelligent races are given equal rights and can easily become citizens through a short legal process. The economic boom of this young country can probably be attributed to a large labor force, many with skilled professions, of the minor races that immigrated to Agnor once word of this freedom spread.

The main export of Agnor is magic and magic-related items. The Milterra Institute of Magic is continuously researching applications of magic for commercial and militaristic applications, and from here inventions trickle down to the merchants and kingdoms that procure them. Notable produce include potions, magic items, and scrolls of spells.