---
title: Slyphon
draft: false
tags:
---

Much can be said about the kingdom of men. In one era of history, they stretched from one end of the continent to another. In another era, they fractured into independent city-states following a bloody succession war that saw no king crowned and left a kingdom of corpses in its wake. In today’s era, the current king is the fourth descendant of [Slyphon the Sunmaker](Slyphon%20the%20Sunmaker), a conqueror who united the smaller princedoms of man into a mighty nation. Following its major defeat at the hands of Agnor’s wizards in the war fifty years ago, Slyphon’s territory receded to the edges of the continent and remains a sore spot for the kingdom and its people.

Humans are as diverse as they are numerous. They can fight, trade, study, rule, and do just about anything that they set out to do. Elves often wonder if these talents come because they are much closer to death than the other races, giving them a desperation to experience all that there is before eventual oblivion. Some humans have the uncanny ability to “hear” magic, described as a bell-like sound emanating from the spellcaster. These people are usually more in-tune with the undercurrents of reality and are often gifted with the use of magic.

Slyphon is a monarchy with the biggest peerage on the continent. In the wake of the Sunmaker’s conquest, he allowed the ten princedoms to retain their titles so long as they swore fealty to him. These ten princedoms each had their own nobility, and by and large have sustained their numbers over the generations. The royal palace at Sylphon is populated by an astounding number of aristocrats, each pursuing their own self-interests. The political web at the heart of this country is a knot of lies and intrigue that even the gods find daunting to untangle.

Humans are industrious and industrial, being the source of the many non-magical inventions in the world. Though the art of watchmaking has already been perfected by the elves, it was the humans that first conceived the idea of mechanical timekeeping. Though the dwarves now have monopoly over metalworking and fabrication, it was the humans that innovated weapon design and large-scale manufacturing. But although many human inventions have been appropriated by the other races, they are still at the forefront of sailing technology. Deep-sea seafood is a delicacy in many parts of the continent, and Slyphon is the biggest source in the market.